[#52551] 13.3 Documentation: Update SharePoint/OneDrive documentation… (#14762)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/file-management/one-drive-integration/README.md

- See who last modified it (or who created it, if it has not yet been modified)

However, all available actions depend on permissions the OpenProject user (or more precisely, the OneDrive/SharePoint account tied to that user) has in OneDrive/SharePoint. In other words, a user who does not have the permission to access the file in OneDrive/SharePoint will also *not* be able to open, download, or modify the file in OpenProject.

> Please note, that with automatically managed folders these permissions are pre-set in OpenProject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note, that with automatically managed project folders these permissions are set by OpenProject based on user permissions in OpenProject.
```
